
I am interested in making a decentralized app that allows college athletes to mint NFTs and sell them on a marketplace .  The NFTs could be videos similar to the moments on NBA topshot.  I thought I could use the simple NFT Marketplace module to set up the marketplace and I could use the tribes module to grant them the right to mint their NFTs.  Recently a law was passed that allows college athletes to make money from their likeness, which was illegal before the law was passed.  It seems like it would be a fun way for athletes in any sport to learn about blockchain technology and possibly some could make money.  Recently I learned that a University of North Carolina field hockey player had 50,000 followers on Tik Tok.  This is nearing influencer status and field hockey is not one of the most popular college sports.  This student should have the opportunity to mint NFTs and sell them on a marketplace.  The marketplace could be advertised on the student’s social media pages.   

I began learning about programming for flow smart contracts using cadence during the fast floward bootcamp.  Here I learned about the tenant setup that the composable smart contracts use.  My plan is to use the multi tenant system to sign up people that want to mint their NFTs.  I want the minter function to be public, and available to people that want to use the dapp.  The hyperverse represents a space where people can use the composable smart contracts written for hyperhack to mint NFTs and join the marketplace for these NFTs.   

A part of the plan is to use IPFS to give a place for the videos to be stored.  The smart contract needs to be able to point to the media that the NFT represents.  We want to be able to prove ownership, provide data about the NFT, and ensure that we have ownership of the unique data.  The video file that the NFT will be linked to can be stored on IPFS. 

A difficult part of this idea is how to create a purchasing mechanism for the tokens we use in the marketplace.  From my limited blockchain experience, USDC is an option, as this is how NBA Topshot pays out people from the United States.  This will be dependent on further legislation in the United States regarding blockchain.   

I am submitting this in the tinker category but I have not been able to start editing the code yet.  I plan to edit the simplenftmarketplace harness file to make the front end look the way I want it to.  When I figure out the tribes module I will edit the app.css file to look the way I want it to as well.  The simplenft.cdc smart contract file will have to be adapted to store the asset on IPFS.  I’m sure other changes will need to be made as I work on the dapp and try to use the hyperverse.   Thank you for considering my idea and for the support and platform to learn about blockchain. 




